Correct phrasing of purpose in README (#710)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: README.md

# Solid JavaScript Authentication - solid-client-authn

> `solid-client-authn` is a suite of libraries designed to authenticate against Solid resource servers.

Reviewer: Hi @RubenVerborgh  - thanks for pointing this out. I don't like the original either, but I don't think the latter quite fits or 'works' either. I chatted with @acoburn about it, and we came up with this suggestion instead:
```suggestion
`solid-client-authn` is a suite of libraries designed to manage the authentication required to access protected resources hosted by Solid servers.
```
@NSeydoux - have you any suggested improvements...?

Author: LGTM; perhaps `s/designed //` and `s/hosted by /on/` because it's quite verb-heavy.

Reviewer 2: That works for me too

Reviewer: Sorry - not sure how I didn't see these comments until now, but yeah, those suggestions are great, so updating to:
```suggestion
`solid-client-authn` is a suite of libraries to manage the authentication required to access protected resources on Solid servers.
```
